Add docs on telemetry collection (#19131)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/common/telemetry.md

> This page documents the telemetry data that is collected by CockroachDB from clusters with telemetry enabled. For more information, see the [Licensing FAQs]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/licensing-faqs.md %}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page documents the telemetry data that is collected by CockroachDB from clusters with telemetry enabled. For more information, refer to the [Licensing FAQs]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/licensing-faqs.md %}).
```

Author: ✅

## Who runs the telemetry server, and how is the data secured?

Telemetry data is transmitted over HTTPS and securely stored on a web server that is hosted on a major cloud provider, and run and controlled by Cockroach Labs.

> Once collected, Cockroach Labs conducts its post-processing of the telemetry data using third party data management tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once collected, Cockroach Labs conducts its post-processing of the telemetry data using third-party data management tools.
```

Author: ✅
